# Drupal to Plone Example Buildout

This is the buildout that I used for my Plone Symposium East 2011 talk,
[Migrating From Drupal to Plone with Transmogrifier][1]. You can see the
[video here][2].

## Pinning info

The buildout has its versions pinned, the most important pinnings are
noted here.

The [transmogrify.sqlalchemy][3] blueprint, as of this writing does not
support `SQLAlchemy 0.7`.

    SQLAlchemy = 0.6.7

We are running Plone 4.0, so we need to pin this to work properly.

    plone.app.discussion = 1.0

## Install instructions

### Drupal Install

First you should create a Drupal site. The demo was created using Acquia
Drupal 7.0.1, but should work fine with any Drupal 7.0.x install. The
queries are all written in MySQL, so you'll need to set up Drupal using
MySQL. See the Drupal docs for more details.

In `my.migration.config.base`, you can change the `dsn` to match your
settings. The default is to connect with the `root` user with no
password set. The default database name is `drupal-transmog`

    [drupal]
    blueprint = transmogrify.sqlalchemy
    dsn = mysql://root@localhost/drupal-transmog

### Running the Buildout

First, get the source.

    $ git clone git://github.com/claytron/drupal-plone-transmogrifier.git

Now run the buildout (making sure the drupal site is up and running).

    $ cd drupal-plone-transmogrifier
    $ python2.6 bootstrap.py
    $ bin/buildout

Buildout will utilize the [collective.recipe.plonesite][4] recipe to
start up Zope and apply the profiles from `my.policy`. When it is
finished the content from drupal should appear in your site.

## Running the site

Once the buildout has finished, you can access the site by starting up
Plone.

    $ bin/zeoserver start
    $ bin/instance fg

Then go to the site in your browser: http://localhost:8080/Plone

The folders aren't currently published, so you'll have to login to see
the content.

    username: admin
    password: admin

## Issues

If you run into any issues trying to get this to work, add an issue to
the tracker here on this github project

[1]: http://weblion.psu.edu/symposium/talks/migrating-from-drupal-to-plone-with-transmogrifier
[2]: https://streaming.psu.edu/media/?movieId=13401
[3]: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/transmogrify.sqlalchemy
[4]: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/collective.recipe.plonesite
